ci/README.md, before:

<!--
What this file is:
Human-facing documentation explaining the CI jobs, how to run checks locally, and common troubleshooting.

Who should edit it:
Infra team or Docs Owner when CI changes.

When to update (example):
Update when workflows or scripts change (e.g., add new token validation steps).

Who must approve changes:
Engineering Lead and Infra team.
-->

# CI — README

This folder documents the CI skeleton used by the repository.

## Workflows included
- [ci-validate.yml](../.github/workflows/ci-validate.yml) — runs on PRs and branch pushes; validates tokens, lint/tests, and Storybook smoke build.
- [publish-packages.yml](../.github/workflows/publish-packages.yml) — publishes on annotated tags `v*.*.*` (skeleton).

## Running checks locally
- Node 18+ recommended.
- Token validation:
  ```bash
  node scripts/token-validate.js
	```
- Storybook smoke:
	```bash
	node scripts/build-storybook.js
	```

## Publishing (dry-run)

- Publishing requires registry credentials and a real publish script. The template script is a no-op.
	```bash
	bash scripts/publish-packages.sh
	```

## Troubleshooting

- If node scripts fail, check Node version and that required files exist (`tokens/tokens.json`, `storybook/stories`).
- If CI fails on GitHub but passes locally, check that secrets (NPM_TOKEN) exist in repository settings.

Commit message:

Integrate Style Dictionary for token builds
Adds Style Dictionary as a dev dependency and introduces a new build script (`build-tokens:sd`) to generate platform-specific token artifacts. Updates CI workflow to run Style Dictionary builds, revises documentation to reflect the new build process, and adds configuration and wrapper scripts for Style Dictionary. Token outputs are now written to `packages/tokens/dist` for web, Android, and iOS platforms.

ci/README.md, after:

<!--
What this file is:
Human-facing documentation explaining the CI jobs, how to run checks locally, and common troubleshooting.

Who should edit it:
Infra team or Docs Owner when CI changes.

When to update (example):
Update when workflows or scripts change (e.g., add new SD build steps).

Who must approve changes:
Engineering Lead and Infra team.
-->

# CI — README

This folder documents the CI skeleton used by the repository.

## Workflows included
- `.github/workflows/ci-validate.yml` — runs on PRs and branch pushes; validates tokens (schema), runs Style Dictionary builds, runs Storybook smoke and tests.
- `.github/workflows/publish-packages.yml` — publishes on annotated tags `v*.*.*` (skeleton).
- Other workflows: storybook deploy, build-and-test, etc. (scaffolded elsewhere)

## Style Dictionary integration
We use Style Dictionary to transform canonical tokens into platform artifacts.

Local steps:
```bash
# install dependencies (Node 18+ recommended)
npm ci

# validate tokens (schema)
npm run token-validate

# run style-dictionary build
npm run build-tokens:sd

# fallback (legacy builder)
npm run build-tokens
```

CI notes:

- CI will run `npm ci` before the SD build. The SD build will fail the job if Style Dictionary reports issues.
- Ensure `tokens/tokens.json` exists in the branch or CI will fail; for new projects copy `tokens/tokens.example.json` to `tokens/tokens.json` in a bootstrap PR.

## Troubleshooting

- If the SD build fails with transform errors, check the token value types — the schema helps catch common problems.
- If SD is not installed in CI, confirm `devDependencies` are installed via `npm ci`. If missing in package.json, add `style-dictionary` to `devDependencies`.
